# I mean yea that text put a lot in perspective for me. But you were teaching me things about myself I think I could never figure out.  So yeah I think I'm just dependent on this moment in my life because I'm at my lowest and you're finding yourself. So timing isn't great 😂. But we learn, right? As for the people in my life I've met a lot but not like you man. Not like you. I don't think you know how grateful I am to have met you. And put you in a place in my life where you've given me some direction. I just think I needed to ”piss” you off for lack of a better word, for me to realize how much damage I am doing to the people around me. I said that part about cutting ties because I don't think while texting so I drafted this up in notes. I needed to change and you showed me the hard way. As for you saying I didn't mess up, it's going to take a lot to get me to see that I didn't but 🤷🏾‍♀️. So last Thursday you really had me betaken back. I'll be honest I cried and cried thinking she's mad and what not. But it took me a weekend to realize how much people around me care and to focus on something different. I'm just saying that when I was in my shell I could watch the world around me go and I take it in with ease and cruise. I let things come to me instead. I tried living life differently but...doesn't work out that way. If I didn't it wouldn't have led me to this point in my life. Where I can say that vision is clearer even if my glasses get foggy sometimes. So I thank you for these last few days and again teaching me. I still want you in my life as I hope you want me in yours. If not, you know imma always understand. That's a plus of me.