# You've deserved a much better friend than I was to you at times. You put up with me on days that most couldn't. The old me would’ve forced things back into place but I’m trying to change and this is what I’m going to do. I called you my best friend and you deserved to my honest true feelings 100% of the time. You said you told me things that you’ve never told anyone else and I took that for granted.  I could always call you and you be there for me . Why didn’t I appreciate that. You deserved so much more from me and I didn’t give it. I treated you like shit last week and you still were the best for me. You told me “best friends forever”. You wiped my tears after I cried in your arms and you told me everything was going to be okay. I wanna take it back to some moments though. Like the Super bowl Sunday when I did that to you. It wasn’t at all right. I blacked out and I did that thinking it was the best. Then when I came back to reality I was overcome with emotion as to why I did that in the first place. So that Thursday when you said those things I was mad. Not at you but me because I ruined the best friendship I’ve ever had. The weekend I kept thinking about those sweet memories we had that I took for granted. Yesterday when I saw you and Marie . I wasn’t jealousy but instead thought to myself I had that with her and I messed it up. That’s when I started to realize that I was just like everybody else that walked into your life. I want no better I did the exact same thing and blamed it on you. I was supposed to be different and treat you better but I didn’t. You provided me a safe place and openness I’ve never received before. This is most of what I wanted to say but there’s much more that need to say out loud.